Update the status based on the release of VS2022 preview 2 for ARM (#294)
mauroservienti/milestone.github.io: _posts/2022-05-11-dotnet-development-on-apple-silicon.md

I downloaded the SDK installer based on my previous experience with the developers' pack. It fails. The error is that ARM is not a supported platform, which is an interesting error because we can install the same x64 SDK on the M1 Mac. The .NET Core 3.1 SDK installs fine using the Visual Studio Installer. But then I started getting all sorts of weird errors from Visual Studio. I suppose a lot of the Visual Studio tooling depends on .NET Core that tries to load other assemblies compiled for ARM, causing many operations to fail. Removing .NET Core 3.1 solved my problems. I assume that Visual Studio uses the latest runtime, .NET 6, in my case, if the expected one is not available. I have no idea how many latent problems are waiting for me around the corner.

_2022-06-27 - A couple of months into using macOS and an M1 for .NET Development._

The following section is only about .NET development, specifically WPF, using the Parallels Windows for ARM virtual machine. I have no issues with .NET 6 or .NET 7 development using macOS. Everything  I need works as expected.

> When using the Windows for ARM virtual machine, Visual Studio 2022 is extremely slow when developing WPF code, regardless of editing XMAL files of regular C# ones. JetBrains Rider helps a lot. It's much more performant and an excellent Visual Studio replacement for most workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Windows for ARM virtual machine, Visual Studio 2022 is extremely slow when developing WPF code, regardless of editing XAML files or regular C# ones. JetBrains Rider helps a lot. It's much more performant and an excellent Visual Studio replacement for most workloads.

```

> There is no way, or at least no way I know to debug WPF applications using Visual Studio 2022. The application starts, the debugger is attached, and the WPF LivePreview tools work as expected. However, no breakpoint is hit. All of them result disabled with the "no symbols loaded" error. Again, debugging works flawlessly in JetBrains Rider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no way, or at least no way I know to debug WPF applications using Visual Studio 2022. The application starts, the debugger is attached, and the WPF LivePreview tools work as expected. However, no breakpoint is hit. All of them show as disabled with the "no symbols loaded" error. Again, debugging works flawlessly in JetBrains Rider.

```
